### [2018-04-20] Reminderfox testVersion 2.1.6.2 <small>  _Releases for TB 60_</small>

__Upcoming new Reminderfox Release__

Due to massive changes made by Mozilla for the bases of Firfox and Thunderbird a new release of Reminderfox is necessary. The team is working on it and a testVersion is available at the GIT download side (see below).

Currently further tests are needed, so everyone is invited to help. Also it's not recommended to use the testVersion on a day to day work installation. It's recommended to use a separte TB profile with a copy of the current reminderfox.ics. Please keep a focus on repeating events and alarm handling. Any questions or feedback should be directly to *gneandr at web dot de*.

__Next steps__

Most hopefully a final version can be transmitted to Mozilla for approval at the end of April to be ready in May for the upcoming Thunderbird 60.

__Perspective for the Future of Reminderfox__

Already for Thunderbird 60 Reminderfox required some massive changes to keep it running. For technical orientated [here is a list of the changes](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Thunderbird/Add-ons_Guide_57).

Reminderfox was introduced more than 10 years ago and is based on the mature Mozilla XUL/XPCOM technology. Mozilla is moving to new web technologies and will discontinue that mature, legacy technology. To allow extensions like Reminderfox to run in the future it would be necessary to change also to that web technologies. That's nearly a complete re-write which would be a burden which can't be done in the private time of the authors. So expect Reminderfox will not be continued after Thunderbird 60 and it's a good idea for Reminderfox users to move along to other calendar solutions.      
*(See also older Reminderfox News, link below)* 



__Release Notes for 2.1.6.2__

New    
Options tab:Reminderfox Dialog   
 -- selector for existing categories added   

Fixes   
 -- random alarms   
 -- fix some problems with timezone   
 -- missing time dimension on Options and Add dialog   
 -- on Options the exporting failed   


    
__Download Reminderfox Release__     
See for [available releases here](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/releases)


----
<small>In _Reminderfox Main Menu_ select [Reminderfox NEWS] to show the most actual News. </small>

<small>A complete News list is [here.](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/tree/master/docs) </small>

<!-- ReText used as a simple but powerful editor for Markdown - see https://github.com/retext-project/retext  -->
