###  [2018-02-22] Reminderfox version 2.1.6 <small>  _Releases for TB 52/58..60 / FX 56_</small>

__Important Notice__

The mozilla changes for Add-ons technology has significant impact for Reminderfox also.  

Starting with Firefox 57 (Quantum) 'Legacy' Add-ons are not usable anymore. 
That's the case with Reminderfox as well. As discussed in the 
[Reminderfox Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/reminderfox)
users have the possibility to run Reminderfox on some other Firefox derivatives or on Thunderbird or Seamonkey.    
But also with those alternative platforms Reminderfox required some code changes.


 __Release Notes for 2.1.6__

* Reminderfox NEWS   
This is a new communication channel to the Reminderfox Users, the authors can notify users about important points.   
The Reminderfox Main Menu with the right hand Calendar section has added a button [Reminderfox News].   
This button is only shown when News are updated and that is not already read by the user.     
After reading the News that button is disabled. The Reminderfox NEWS can be opened always from the Reminderfox Main Menu.


* Sync with Remote Calendar _Google Calendar_   
There have been some problems with Reminderfox sync with Google Calendar (GCal). This is solved with vers.2.1.6.   
To reactivate a previous used Google Calendar it maybe necessary to remove the calendar entry and re-add it again.   
Open Reminderfox Options --> tab:Sync and select [Remove] for the GCal in question, then use [Add] again.

* Other Changes  
  _Release version general_   
  -- Statusbar handling has been changed by Mozilla (partially removed),   
     so Reminderfox starting with vers.2.1.6 has removed the Statusbar usage.   
     Instead use SmartFoxy (see Options --> tab:Access)  
  -- As a fallout from Mozilla changes, the time selector on some dialogs (e.g. Alarms)   
     doesn't work anymore; the time value has to be entered individually.
  _For Thunderbird_  
  -- SendPlus icon changed   
  -- Reminders for Addressbook contact switchable between US/EU format  
     (see Options --> tab:Access)   

     
__Download Reminderfox Release__     
See for [available releases here](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/releases)


----
<small>In _Reminderfox Main Menu_ select [Reminderfox NEWS] to show the most recent News. </small>

<small>A complete News list is [here.](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/tree/master/docs) </small>

<!-- ReText used as a simple but powerful editor for Markdown - see https://github.com/retext-project/retext  -->
