###  [2018-02-18] Reminderfox version 2.1.6 <small>_Releases for TB 58/60 / FX 56_</small>

The mozilla changes for Add-ons technology has significant impact for Reminderfox also.  

Starting with Firefox 57 (Quantum) 'Legacy' Add-ons are not usable anymore. 
That's the case with Reminderfox as well. As discussed in the 
[Reminderfox Forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/reminderfox)
users have the possibility to run Reminderfox on some other Firefox devirates or on Thunderbird or Seamonkey.
But also with those alternative platforms Reminderfox requires some code changes. 

Reminderfox Releases are [available here](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/releases), 
those versions are tested with Thunderbird 58/60(Nightly) and Firefox 56.


__Other Changes with 2.1.6__

* Reminderfox News   
This is a new communication channel to the Reminderfox Users, the autors can notify users about important points.   
The Reminderfox Main Menu with the right hand Calendar section has added a button [Reminderfox News].   
This button is only shown when News are updated and that is not already read by the user.     
After reading the News that button is disabled. The Reminderfox News can be opened always from the Reminderfox Main Menu.


* Sync with Remote Calendar _Google Calendar_   
There have been some problems with Reminderfox sync with Google Calendar (GCal). This is solved with vers.2.1.6.   
To reactivate a previous used Google Calendar it maybe necessary to remove the calendar entry and re-add it again.   
Open Reminderfox Options --> Sync and select [Remove] for the GCal in question, then use [Add] again.

----
<small>In _Reminderfox Main Menu_ select [Reminderfox News] to show the most actual News. </small>

<small>A complete News list is [here.](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/tree/master/docs) </small>

<!-- ReText used as a simple but powerful editor for Markdown - see https://github.com/retext-project/retext  -->
