### [2018-11-09] Reminderfox *Beta* Version 2.1.6.4 <small>  _Release for TB 60.3_</small>

__Release Details AND Request for Feedback__
This beta version has been tested with the current TB60.3.
Due to changes of the underlying Mozilla code some user interface handling needed to be changed, but it should not make a big difference for the user.

Please report any problem directly to gNeandr at web dot de


### [2018-04-30] Reminderfox Version 2.1.6.2 <small>  _Release for TB 60_</small>

__Release Details__

Due to massive changes made by Mozilla for the bases of Firfox and Thunderbird a new release of Reminderfox was necessary.      
Already with Firefox 57 (Quantum) Mozilla rejected addons following their mature, legacy XUL/XPCOM technology. Thunderbird up to version 60 supports that technology, so Reminderfox can be used with that application basis. (Same maybe true for other applications like Waterfox or Seamonkey).


__Perspective for the Future of Reminderfox after Mozilla 60__

Reminderfox was introduced more than 10 years ago and is based on the mature Mozilla XUL/XPCOM technology. Mozilla is moving to new web technologies. To allow extensions to run in the future it would be necessary to change also to that web technologies. For Reminderfox that's nearly a complete re-write which would be a burden which can't be done in the private time of the authors. So expect Reminderfox will _not_ be continued after Thunderbird 60 and it's a good idea for Reminderfox users to move along to other calendar solutions.      
*(See also older Reminderfox News, link below)* 

For technical orientated see a list of the necessary [addon changes](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Thunderbird/Add-ons_Guide_57).


__Release Notes for 2.1.6.2__

_New_    
Options tab:Reminderfox Dialog     
 -- selector for existing categories added     
_Fixes_      
  -- random alarms    
  -- fix some problems with timezone  
  -- date strings without time was not parsed correctly  
  -- the missing time dimension on Options and Add dialog  
  -- on Options the exporting failed  
  -- tab:Options --> Import  Importing one Todo now opens Add dialog 

_Changed_  
  -- Logging using .error, this give whole stack behind arrow icon  
  -- Logging date/time: locale format and >serial number of Date<

    
__Download Reminderfox Release__     
See for [available releases here](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/releases)


----
<small>In _Reminderfox Main Menu_ select [Reminderfox NEWS] to show the most actual News. </small>

<small>A complete News list is [here.](https://github.com/neandr/reminderfox/tree/master/docs) </small>

<!-- ReText used as a simple but powerful editor for Markdown - see https://github.com/retext-project/retext  -->
